PRIVACY POLICY for "IPv6 Subnet Calculator Tool Application"

Last Updated: January 07, 2025


I. INTRODUCTION

As a developer of "IPv6 Subnet Calculator Tool" ("this application", "this app", "this software"), 
I take your privacy seriously. We are in the transition phase of our networks' addressing structure from IPv4 to IPv6,
and I believe that the network engineers should easily plan their IPv6 addressing infrastructure without any error.
The purpose of this application is to help you plan/subnet your assigned IPv6 address for all 128 bits.


II. MAIN POINTS

a. Does this application collect or process any personal information?
   In short: No, this application DOES NOT collect any personal information.
   This app does not collect, store or transmit highly sensitive personal information, 
   such as health or financial data.

b. When I run this app on my device, does this application use cookies and other tracking technologies?
   In short: No, this application DOES NOT use cookies and other tracking technologies.

c. Does this application shares any type of personal information with anyone else?
   No, due to items (a) and (b) above, this application DOES NOT shares any type of personal information 
   with anyone else.

d. Does this application creates any file or modifies any specific registries on my device?
   This application creates and uses a readable xml file in order to save your last settings.
   This application does not modify any entry from your registry library.

e. Does this application require or use my internet connection?
   If you would like to use "whois query" or if you would like to update and use "services and port numbers" 
   from the Tools menu, then this application requires an internet connection in order to connect and get the requested
   information from the related internet servers.
   This application does not require any internet connection to perform its calculations.
   This application may use your internet connection to check for an updated version.


III. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy policy will be regularly updated.

Whenever I change this Privacy policy, I will post the changed/new version to this Privacy policy and other places considering appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances 
may be provided to you.
 

IV. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS

Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with this policy and practices, please do not use this application/tool. If you still have any questions, comments or concerns about this notice,
please contact at "yucelguven@hotmail.com".
